Update support platform doc for Apple M1 issue (#1057)
actions/runner: docs/start/envosx.md

## Supported Versions

  - macOS High Sierra (10.13) and later versions
 
## Apple Silicon M1

> The runner currently is not supported on device with Apple M1 chip.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runner is currently not supported on devices with an Apple M1 chip.  
```

> We are waiting for .NET to supports it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are waiting for official .NET support. You can read more here about the [current state of support here](https://github.com/orgs/dotnet/projects/18#card-56812463).
```
